Pr summaries 2020 03 (#38776)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: data/changelog.txt

Changes mechanics of MUSHY flag from from causing insta-rot on next thaw to making rot progress faster.
Abandon camp NPC talk and bulletin board mission.
Scale learning speed based on INT stat.
Added ups_charges_modifier handling for gunmods.
Adds random town name string.

> Allow professions to start with a nearby vehicle - trucker profession.

Reviewer: Script needs to be aware of merge target branch - some lines here are from `dev` branch.

Reviewer: If it would help, here is link with list of PRs merged to `dev` branch - https://github.com/CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA/issues/36949#issuecomment-595704738

Adds mi-go resin building options for the faction camp.
Obsolete flaming weapons.
Obsolete survivor helmets.
Realistic gun volume campaign.

> Refluff power armour into combat exoskeletons, adjust size.

Reviewer: `dev` branch

Crafting menu shows range of possible nutrients for food crafts.
Adds new safemode rule category for ignoring sounds.
Return the default font to Terminus and slightly improve fallback handling.
Improve directional highlight prompts.
Blind firing at unseen targets won't show info about hits and "Really attack?" query.
Fixed translated strings sometimes not fitting in character creation menu.

> Rename existing font to terminus-bold, add latest terminus as new default font.

Reviewer: We've actually removed terminus bold.

```suggestion
Updated terminus font to latest version and set it as new default font.
```

Updated No Acid Zombies mod to include two acid zombie soldiers.
Mythological Replicas mod works with martial arts.
Completely overhauls generic guns.
Adds the Ultica tileset to mainline.
Add BrownLikeBears to the list of tilesets.
Mi-Go Mutation line and NPC for Aftershock.

> Added partial conversion mod 'Dark Skies Above'.

Reviewer: These two are on `dev` branch.

Updated No Acid Zombies mod to include two acid zombie soldiers.
Mythological Replicas mod works with martial arts.
Completely overhauls generic guns.
Adds the Ultica tileset to mainline.
Add BrownLikeBears to the list of tilesets.

> Migo Mutation line and NPC.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Mi-Go Mutation line and NPC for Aftershock.
```

Added partial conversion mod 'Dark Skies Above'.

> Mutant NPCs to Aftershock.

Reviewer: `dev` branch

> Simplified Aftershock Crafting System.

Reviewer: `dev` branch

> DinoMod: Adds dino eggs, dino egg laying, dino hatchlings, rebalancing weights and volumes.

Reviewer: `dev` branch

flag inheritance in crafting, comestable enjoyability, gunmod weight modifier, allergen handling,
species footsteps sound, bionic slots, swim speed modifiers, construction categories,
martial arts skill and damage requirements, hunger messages, artifact effects,
Add scenario whitelist/blacklist capability.
Adds a getting started type of guide for mapgen.
Add debug menu item for spawning nested mapgen

> Add looks_like to most Fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add looks_like to most fields.
```

species footsteps sound, bionic slots, swim speed modifiers, construction categories,
martial arts skill and damage requirements, hunger messages, artifact effects,
terrain and furniture lighting, map memory modifiers, clothing mods and CBM parameters.

> Add shot counter to mods and gun.

Reviewer: `dev` branch

> JSONize AEP_EVIL and implement intermittent artifact effects.

Reviewer: `dev` branch

> Traps can cast spells.

Reviewer: `dev` branch

> JSONize AEP_SMOKE and add emitters to enchantments.

Reviewer: `dev` branch

Add scenario whitelist/blacklist capability.
Adds a getting started type of guide for mapgen.
Add debug menu item for spawning nested mapgen
Add looks_like to most Fields.
Move food morale modifiers to modify_morale.
Add script to generate tags for CDDA json data for easier navigation in standard text editors.
Use github's code owner system to alert mod maintainers to changes.
Added support for user font directory.
Improve submap encapsulation.
Add a multitude of tests for item display and effects.

> Detect mapgen keys which are used but not defined, to help catch typos in maps.

Reviewer: `dev` branch

Pass CLI arguments from cataclysm-launcher shell script to cataclysm binary.
Clean some exothermic CBM code.
Added override_option class to help write tests which require a particular option to be set.
Alphabetize the debug skill wish list.
Can specify delay in emit_fields for monsters.

> Add map_bash_info to fields.

Reviewer: `dev` branch

> Allow Unicode keys in mapgen rows.

Reviewer: `dev` branch

Check text style in json strings loaded with class translation.
gfx tools improvements.
Check text style in macro expansions.

> compose: handle multiple entries in a single `tile_entry.json` file.

Reviewer: This could go into `gfx tools improvements.` one line above.

```suggestion
```
